it's day six of the war in Gaza and
Israel here's where things stand the
death toll keeps Rising these are the
figures on Thursday afternoon Israel is
continuing its Air Assault on Gaza after
Hamas Fighters attacked Israel last week
remember Gaza is a tiny strip of land
it's controlled by Hamas but more than 2
million Palestinians live there and
can't get out almost half are children
right now almost 200,000 people are
Sheltering in un run schools essential
supplies are running out on Monday
Israel cut off food fuel water and
electricity supplies Israel's energy
Minister said today that no humanitarian
Aid will be allowed into Gaza until
Hamas releases all Israeli captives
Hamas is holding more than a 100
Israelis in Gaza including children
gaza's only Power Station has run out of
fuel people are relying on generators to
power homes and hospitals but fuel for
those could also run out very soon
according to the Red Cross there is a
bit of confusion about what's happening
at the border crossing between Gaza and
Egypt even when it's working normally
Egypt has strict controls over who and
what can cross right now Egypt says the
border is technically open but that
Israeli air strikes prevent officials
from carrying out the work
normally there are also reports that
talks are going on between Egypt and
other countries to use that Rafa
Crossing to get Aid into Gaza but Egypt
is reportedly also rejecting any plan
that would allow large numbers of people
to leave Gaza through that route US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin is in
Israel he told reporters that the US
will always back Israel and that more
Military Support was on its way he also
said that it's important to take every
possible precaution to avoid harming
civilians standing next to him was
Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu who said Hamas should be
treated the way Isis was
treated meanwhile Israel is preparing
for its next stage of War that's
according to the Israeli Army
spokesman they've called up 360,000 Army
Reserves and Israel's defense minister
has said they are planning to launch a
ground attack on
Gaza